Contact?
I put on the dragon robe before I decided on it.
It's too anxious
Hahaha Splendid
You probably don't know it yet
now
The astonishing 100,000 Iron Cavalry has arrived outside Golden City
All the ministers in the dynasty have been imprisoned by me
Just kill you
This summer is mine
You say you are the prime minister
Under one man above ten thousand
Iron-blooded nature
Instead, he sold his reputation
Let the family cavalry break through me and go down the mountain and river
Simply shameless
Shameless hahahahaha
I am shameless
Those out there are pariahs
They deserve to die on the day I ascend the throne
Stop talking nonsense, you killed yourself
Or let me do it
Then you still don't care if your daughter lives or dies
Father, I am your Yingying
Qu Qu children
Can give up
As long as I ascend this dragon position
Build a great cause
There are women who bear children for me
Dad
Is she just a wife in your heart?
Oh, it's really a adultery
Make ruthless talk so high-sounding
Seventh uncle, your death is coming
Just let you say a few more words
You say
The Great Xia Dynasty will never be defeated by someone like you
It's useless to talk too much
Qin Zhan has been careful to retreat to the countryside with you
50,000 Qing soldiers have all returned to me
Now your hero has no soldiers available, yeah